feat: save relative migrations path and add command to fix existing absolute paths (#123)
mycodeself/mongo-migrate-ts: README.md

Usage: mongo-migrate [options] [command]

Options:

>   -h, --help           display help for command

Author: this change came from the actual output of running the command

    }
  }
}
```

> ## Fixing absolute migration file paths
> 
> Old versions of this package used to store migration file paths as absolute paths which meant a rollback could only be performed from the same machine that executed the migration, or one with a similar directory structure.
> 
> To fix these migration entries in your database you can use the `fix-paths` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrading to version 2.x.x

In version 1.x.x, this package stored migration file paths as absolute paths. As a result, rollbacks could only be executed from the same machine that performed the original migration, or from another with an identical directory structure.

To address this limitation, version 2.x.x now uses paths relative to the migrationsDir.
To update existing migration entries in your database and ensure compatibility, you can run the `fix-paths` command:
```
